[control-plane-manager] d8 backup etcd docs (#10014)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/FAQ.md

When deciding on the appropriate threshold values, consider resources consumed by the control nodes (graphs can help you with this). Note that the lower parameters are, the more resources you may need to allocate to these nodes.

## etcd backup and restore

### How to make etcd backup?

#### Using Deckhouse CLI (Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform v1.65+)

> Starting with Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform v1.65, a new `d8 backup etcd` tool is available for quick snapshotting of etcd state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform v1.65, a new `d8 backup etcd` tool is available for taking snapshots of etcd state.
```
